d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\heladeria.exe
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\appsettings.Development.json
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\appsettings.json
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\heladeria.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\heladeria.deps.json
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\heladeria.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\heladeria.pdb
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Dapper.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Drapper.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Drapper.Validation.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Humanizer.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Google.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.Build.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.AnalyzerUtilities.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Elfie.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.DotNet.Scaffolding.Shared.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.NET.StringTools.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.Common.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.Configuration.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.DependencyResolver.Core.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.LibraryModel.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.Packaging.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.ProjectModel.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.Protocol.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\NuGet.Versioning.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.CodeDom.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Composition.Convention.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Reflection.MetadataLoadContext.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Security.Permissions.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\af\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ar\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\az\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\bg\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\bn-BD\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\da\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\el\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fa\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fi-FI\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr-BE\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\he\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\hr\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\hu\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\hy\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\id\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\is\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko-KR\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ku\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\lv\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ms-MY\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\mt\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\nb\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\nb-NO\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\nl\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ro\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\sk\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\sl\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\sr\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\sr-Latn\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\sv\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\th-TH\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\uk\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\uz-Cyrl-UZ\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\uz-Latn-UZ\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\vi\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-CN\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Humanizer.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\HeladeriaManager.dll
d:\Christian\Documents\Programacion\00 UNLZ\z Otros\4 Cuatr\Programacion IV\TP\heladeria\heladeria\heladeria\obj\Release\net8.0\PubTmp\Out\HeladeriaManager.pdb
